update evm spec to cover statedb refactoring changes (#885)
tharsis/ethermint: x/evm/spec/02_state.md

order to add it subtract/add it from/to the gas used value after the EVM
execution has finalized. The refund value is cleared on every transaction and at the end of every block.

- `AddRefund()` adds the given amount of gas to the in-memory refund value.
- `SubRefund()` subtracts the given amount of gas from the in-memory refund value. This function will panic if gas amount is greater than the current refund.
- `GetRefund()` returns the amount of gas available for return after the tx execution finalizes. This value is reset to 0 on every transaction.

The state is stored on the `EVMKeeper`. It can be queried with `GetCommittedState()`, `GetState()` and updated with `SetState()`.

- `GetCommittedState()` returns the value set in store for the given key hash. If the key is not registered this function returns the empty hash.

> - `GetState()` returns the dirty state for the given key hash, if not exists load the committed value from KVStore.

Author: ```suggestion
- `GetState()` returns the in-memory dirty state for the given key hash, if not exist load the committed value from KVStore.
```

- `SetState()` sets the given hashes (key, value) to the state. If the value hash is empty, this function deletes the key from the state, the new value is kept in dirty state at first, and will be committed to KVStore in the end.

> Accounts can also be set to a suicide state. When a contract commits suicide, the account is marked as suicided, after commit the code, storage and account will be deleted (from the next block and forward).

Author: ```suggestion
Accounts can also be set to a suicide state. When a contract commits suicide, the account is marked as suicided, when commit the code, storage and account will be deleted (from the next block and forward).
```
